IELTS

Word list 1

E: adj. based on general ideas or principles rather than specific examples or real events .
S: The research shows that pre-school children are capable of thinking in abstract terms .
E: n. a short written statement containing only the most important ideas in a speech , article , etc .
W: abstract

E: n. A large quantity of something 
S: There is an abundance of evidence to support the research findings .
W: quantity

E: To deliberately use something for the wrong purpose or for your own advantage .
S: Biometrics raises thorny questions about privacy and the potential for abuse .
E: n. cruel or violent treatment of someone .
S: Child abuse is a worldwide problem affecting children from birth to 8 years of age.
W: abuse

E: n. the cases , bags , boxes , etc. carried by sb. who is travelling ( luggage ) .
S: When you arrived at an airport in Australia, you may greeted in the baggage hall by a detector dog , wearing a little red coat bearing the words ‘ Quarantine ’.
W: Baggage

E: a person who is trying to elected or is applying a job.
S: If a woman candidate manages to get on a shortlist , then she has probably already proved herself to be an exceptional candidate .
W: candidate .

E: n. a place where food and drink are served in a factory , a school , etc .
S: The canteen was absolutely packed and I had to wait for ages .
W: canteen

E: adj. having the ability or qualities necessary for doing sth.
S: Even very tiny babies are capable of grasping and remembering a concept .
W: capable

E: n. the amount of space a container , room , etc. has to hold things or people
E: the ability to do sth.
S: The capacity of the environment sustain economic development and population is finite.

E: n. a large amount of money that is invested or is used to start a business . 
S: Cheap labour may make Chinese clothing competitive in America , but if delays in shipment tie up working capital and cause winter coats to arrive in spring , trade may lose its advantages .
W: capital

E: n. facts or information used in deciding or or discussing sth.
S: Very little data is available
W: data

E: n. specific numbered day of the month , or specific year , usu. given to show when sth. happened or is to happen.
S: Times change , and one of the most significant changes to date is the rise of globalization .
E: v. to have existed since a particular time in the past .
S: The first wether stations in the far north date back just 50 years.
W: date

E: n. the system by which a country’s money and goods are produced and used, or a country considered in this way.
S: Low interest rates will help the economy.
W: economy

E: n. the form in which a book published .
S: She collects first editions of Victorian novels.
W: edition

E: n. buildings , services , equipment , etc. that are provided for a particular purpose.
S: The school has excellent sporting facilities .

E: v. to spend money by playing games of chance , etc. for money
S: He gambled all his winnings on the last race.
W: gamble

E: n. group of young people , usu. males in their teens and early twenties , who are typically troublesome .
S: Gangs of New York
W: gang

E: n. a person who cuts , washes , and arranges people’s hair in particular style.
S: I ‘m going to the hairdresser after work.

E: n. official papers or cards , such as your passport , that prove who you are .
S: Do you have any identification ?
W: identification
E: v. to show , prove , etc. who or what sb. / sth. is ; recognise sb ./ sth.
S: Identifying genetically talented individuals is only the first step .
W: identify

E: n. a group of words that has a special meaning that is different from the ordinary meaning of each separate word .
S: the English language has many idioms .
W: idiom

E: adj. not working or producing anything
S: many people were idle during the depression .
E: v. to do nothing ; waste time
S: stop idling and help me clean up .
W: idle

E: n. cylindrical container , usu. made of glass
S: I keep my paint-brushes in old jam jars .
W: jar

E: adj. feeling or showing resentment of sb.’s advantages , achievements , etc. ; envious 
S: This can something cause problems with other siblings who may feel jealous even though themselves may be bright .
W: jealous

E:n. work ,especially physical work ; all the people who work for a company or in  a country ;
S: Cheap labour may make Chinese clothing competitive in America .
W: labour

E: v. to be without sth.; have less than enough of
S: Some houses still lack basic amenities such as bathrooms .
W: lack

E: v. 1 to make sth. look bigger than is really is , for example by using a lens or microscope .
E: to make something seem more important than it really is.
S: The image is magnified by a series of lenses within the telescope .
W: magnify

E: adj. lacking experience of life , knowledge or good judgement and willing to believe that people always tell you the truth .
S: to be politically naive
W: naive

E: n. short general description (without unnecessary details); survey
S:Can you give us a quick overview of the history of the bear family?
W: overview


E: n. sum of money paid regularly by the State to people above a certain age and to widowed or disabled people , or by an employer to a retired employee.
S: Even hourly employees receive benefits such as pension contributions and medical insurance.
W: pension

E: v. to understand or think of something or someone in a particular way.	
E: to become aware of(sb./sth.) ; notice ; observe
S: Many students perceive that on-the-job training is more important than college .
W: perceive

E: n./adj. an about out of 100 parts
S: a 10 percent increase in house prices
W: percent

E: n. an amount expressed as if it is a part of a total which is 100 .
S: The percentage of woman students at the university has increased steadily .
W: percentage

E: adj. having the job or duty of doing sth. or tacking care of sb. / sth. , so that you may be blamed if sth. goes wrong.
S:Even if parents no longer live together , they each should continue to be responsible for their children .
W: responsible

E: v. to bring back a situation or feeling that existed before.
S: The most recent operation restored his sight .
W: restore

E: v. to stop sb./sth. from doing sth., esp. by using physical force
S:The disease can be restrained long enough for scientists to discover an antidote.
W: restrain

E: n. a difficulty or problem delays or prevents sth., or makes a situation worse.
S: The team suffered a major setback when their best player was injured.
W: setback

E: adj. strict or harsh in attitude or treatment ; imposing stem discipline
S: be severe with one’s children
W: severe 

E: adj. in poor condition through much use or being badly cared for
S: a shabby dress
W: shabby

E: adj. not deep
S: The beach itself is very clean and the water is shallow and safe .
W: shallow

E: v. to produce or provide sth. , for example a profit , result or crop
S: The research has yielded useful information
E: n. the total amount of crops , profits , etc. that are produced
S: Subsidies for pesticides and artificial fertilizers encourage farmers to use greater quantities than are needed to get the highest economic crop yield .
W: yield

E:n. a young person or a child
S:The camp is for youngster aged 8 to 14.
W: youngster






















Word List 2

E: v. to leave a thing or place, esp. because it is impossible or dangerous to stay
S: Over the past 40 years , most people have abandoned their nomadic ways , but they still rely heavily on nature to provide food and clothing .
W: abandon 

E: adj. very different from usual in a way that seems strange , worrying , wrong , or dangerous
S: an abnormal level of cholesterol
W: abnormal

E: v. to take in liquid , gas , or another substance form the surface or space around
S: The moisture is absorbed by thirsty plants.
W: absorb

E: n. (plural of bacterium) a type of very small organism that lives in air , earth , water , plants and animals , often one which causes a disease
S: Bacteria grow best in hot , damp conditions , and are often to be found in most domestic bathrooms and kitchens .
——————————————————————————
E: n. game for two or four people played with rackets and shuttlecocks on a court with a high net.
S: a court with a high net
W: badminton

E: n. a restaurant where you choose and pay for your meal at a counter and carry it to a table 
S: In addition to a small cafeteria at the new centre , the main Visitors’ Centre has many meal choices .
W: cafeteria

E: v. to work(sth.) out by using numbers or one’s judgement; estimate 
S: It has been calculated that the world’s population will double by 2050.
W: calculate 

E: n. a page or a series of pages showing the days , weeks and months of a particular year , esp. one that you hang on a wall
S: a calendar for
W: calendar 

E: n. the buildings of a university or college and the land around them
S: Students are allowed to park their cars on the campus.
W: campas
E: v. to decide that sth. that has been arranged will not now take place
S: All fights have been cancelled because of bad weather.
W: Cancel

E: n./v. loss of value , attractiveness or usefulness caused by an event , accident , etc.
S: Government policies have frequently compounded the environmental damage that farming can cause.
W: damage

E: n./v. loss of value, attractiveness or usefulness caused by an event,accident,etc.
S: Government policies have frequently compounded the environmental damage that farming can cause.
W:damage

E: adj. not completely dry; slightly wet
S: Don’t sleep between damp sheets.
W:damp

E: v. move suddenly and quickly; rush
S: I spent three weeks reading and doing general research and the I dashed the writing off very quickly.
W:dash
—————
E: n. lack of difficulty 
S: He passed the exam with ease.
W:ease


E: n. the way in which plants , animals , and people are related to each other and to their environment , or the scientific study of this
S: Maria set out to catalog species according to their ecology and their sexuality.
W:ecology


E: n. cloth used for making clothes , curtains , etc.
S: She bought some fabric to make shirts from . 
W:fabulous

E: adj. (infml.) extremely good or impressive
S: The room has fabulous views across the lake.
W: fabulous

E: n. covered walk or corridor partly open at one side; colonnade
S:  Its oak wall consists of a grassy mound and the front is a long glass gallery .
W:gallery


E: n. natural environment of an animal or a plant ; home
S: This creature’s habitat is the jungle.
W: habitat


E: adj. satisfying one’s idea of what is perfect; most suitable ideal weather for a holiday
E: n. person or thing regarded as perfect
S: She’s looking for a job , but hasn’t found her ideal yet.
W:ideal


E:n. the belief that you should live your life according to high standards and principles, even when they are very difficult to achieve
S: the idealism of the younger generation
W: idealism


E: adj. the same
S: Just ahead of me are two buildings that look like identical twins.
W: identical

E: n prison
S: The castle had been used as a jail.
W: jail.


E: n. sweet substance made by boiling fruit with sugar until it is thick ,usu. preserved in jars, etc.
S: He spread some strawberry jam on his toast.
E: v. to squeeze sb./sth. (into a space) so that he/it cannot move out.
S: the ship was jammed in the ice.
W: jam


E: adj. eager; enthusiastic
S: Scientists are increasingly keen to find out what’s going on.
W: keen


E: n. (infml.) laboratory
S: I’ll meet you outside the science lab.
W: lab


E: n. piece of paper , cloth , metal , etc. on or beside an object and describing its nature , name , owner , destination , etc.
S: I read the information on the label before deciding which jam to buy.
E: v. to attach a label onto sth. or write information on sth.
S: Label the diagram clearly.
W: Label


E: n. apiece of iron or steel that can stick to metal or make other metal objects move towards itself
E: person or thing that has a powerful attraction
S: The region has become a magnet for small businesses.
W:magnet

E: adj. extremely attractive and impressive; deserving praise
S: The seven-day holiday includes a magnificent book giving the local history.
W: magnificent


E: adj. not wearing any clothes
S: The planet should be visible to the naked eye.
W: naked


E: adv. to or in a foreign country that is across the sea
S: He plans to study overseas.
E: adj. coming from , existing in , or happening in a foreign country that is across the sea.
S: overseas students
W: oversea

E: v. to watch over and control(sb/sth.);supervise
S: You must employ someone to oversee the project.
W:oversee


E: n. person who is equal to another in rank, status or age
S: Teenagers often start smoking because of peer pressure.
W: peer


E:n. thing imposed as a punishment(e.g. imprisonment or a fine)
S: People who work reduced hours pay a huge penalty in career terms.
W: penalty


E: n. a place where a lot of people go on holiday vacation
S: There are beach resorts all along the coast on this part of the island.
W:resort


E: n. a supply of sth. that a country, an organisation or a person has and can use , esp. to increase their wealth
S: The fundamental conditions and resources for health are peace , shelter , education , food and so on .
W:resources


E: n. a spoken or written answer
S: I received an encouraging response to my advertisement.
W: response


E: n. the order that something happens or exists in 
S: The system follows a logical sequence.
W: sequence


E: n. number of things , events , etc. of a similar kind , esp. placed or occurring one after another
S: There will be a series of demonstrations.
W: series


E: n. single continuous period spent in one activity
E: a formal meeting or group of meetings , especially of a law court  or parliament
S: After several sessions at the gym , I feel a lot fitter.
W:session


E: v. to love and admire sb. very much , esp. so much that you cannot see their faults
S: Christians worship God.
E: n. a strong feeling of love and respect for sb./sth.
W:What she feels for him is akin to worship.


E: v. to cover sth. completely in paper or other material , for example when you are giving it as a present
S: He spent the evening wrapping up the Christmas presents.
W: wrap


























Word List 3

E: adj. relating to education , esp. at college or university level
S: This new welfare service is open to all students at London’s academic institutions.
W: academic 


E:n. an official organisation which encourages the development of literature , art science, etc.
S: Having won 6 Academy Awards , The Godfather  is the greatest mafia film of all time.
W: Academy


E: n. the opportunity or right to use something or to see sb./sth.
S: Our teachers have access to an extensive range of materials , including the very latest in language teaching technology.
E: v. (fml.) to reach , enter or use something
S: Listening to lectures in many ways is just giving you information that you could access for yourself in the library.
W: access

E: n./v. condition that exists when two opposites are equal or in correct proportions.
S: Most insects are quite harmless and play inessential role in maintaining the balance of nature.
W: balance

E: n. platform with a wall or rail built onto the outside wall of a building and reached from an upstairs room
S:  All bedrooms are double with private bathroom; some with a balcony.
W: balcony

E: v. to take control of a place, building , etc. using force
E: to succeed in recording , showing , or describing a situation or feeling , using words or pictures
S: A still picture could only imply the existence of time , while time in a novel passed at the whim of the reader. But in cinema , the real , objective flow of time was captured.
W: capture








